Bug in fix alpha single ended (#173)
dtscalibration/python-dts-calibration: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

dev
---
New features

> * Added function that aids in merging two single-ended measurements into a double-ended measurement. The added function checks solves for when measurements are missing in one channel but are present in the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the functionality of `merge_double_ended`, by adding a check that handles measurements missing in one channel while present in the other ([#171](https://github.com/dtscalibration/python-dts-calibration/pull/171))
```

Bug fixes

> * Single-ended measurements with `fix_alpha` failed due to a bug introduced in v2.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Single-ended measurements with `fix_alpha` failed due to a bug introduced in v2.0.0 ([#173](https://github.com/dtscalibration/python-dts-calibration/pull/173)).
```
